Georeferencing Topo Sheets and Scanned Maps
Georeferncing require Georeferencer GDAL plugin, so if it is not installed first install it.
Click on Raster  Georeferencer  Georeferencer to open the plugin.
The plugin window is divided into 2 sections, in the top section the raster will be displayed
and in the bottom section a table showing GCPs will appear.Click on File  Open raster on Georeferencer
 window. And open Scanned map of South India
If we have collected the ground control points using a GPS device, we would have the WGS84 CRS. 
If we are geo-referencing a scanned map like this, we can obtain the CRS information from the map itself.
 Looking at our map image, the coordinates are in Lat/Long. There is no datum information given, so we 
have to assume an appropriate one.
Since it is India and the map is quite old, we can select the Everest 1830 datum. 4044 crs
We will see the image will be loaded on the top section.
We can use the zoom/pan controls in the toolbar to learn more about the map.
Now we need to assign coordinates to some points on this map. If we look closely, we will see coordinate 
grid with markings. Using this grid, you can determine the X and Y coordinates of the points where the grids intersect.
Click on Add Point icon on the toolbar.
Mouse pointer will be converted into plus sign, keep that plus sign on the intersection of horizontal and
 vertical lines and enter coordinate values according to scanned map.
Similarly, add at least 4 GCPs as shown below as shown in figure below. The more points we have, the more accurate
 our image is registered to the target coordinates.
The GCP table now has a row with details of our GCP.
Once we have enough points, go to Settings  Transformation settings.
In the Transformation settings dialog, choose the Transformation type as “Thin Plate Spline”. Select location and
 name for output raster. Choose EPSG:4326 as the target SRS so the resulting image is in a widely compatible datum. 
Make sure the Load in QGIS when done option is checked. CLick OK.
In the Georeferencer window, go to File  Start georeferencing. This will start the process of warping the image using 
the GCPs and creating the target raster.
Once the process finishes, we will see the georeferenced layer loaded in QGIS.
To verify georeferncing, load the country boundaries i.e. IND_adm0 by clicking on add vector layer.
